[THEME MUSIC]
>> According to experts
of ancient Egypt,
the Sirius star
system is aligned with
the queen's chamber of
the Great Pyramid of Giza,
and plays a significant role
in ancient Egyptian mythology.
It is also suggested that
these beings significantly
contributed to creating
ancient Egypt as well
as other ancient civilizations
around the world where
they served as the leaders
and guides of humankind.
What more do we know
about these beings
from Sirius and their influence
upon humanity's evolution?
>> Sirius became a major star
of orientation for the ancient
Egyptians that replaced Alpha
Draconis as their pole star
essentially.
They started aligning
their temples to Sirius.
And Sirius, in fact,
was the only star
worshipped by the Egyptians.
They revered Orion.
As we know, the three
pyramids of Giza
are a mirror of the three
belt stars of Orion.
And they revered Ursa
Major, the casket of Osiris.
But they worshipped
the star Sirius.
The reason why
they worshipped is
because they believed
the creator beings came
from Sirius, and that
Sirius ultimately
conferred immortality.
And that's why it
was so important
to the ancient Egyptians.
>> The Egyptian annual calendar
is marked by the helical rising
of Sirius A and
B on the horizon.
Now that happens essentially
around July 25th,
and it's also the first marker
date of the Mayan calendar
system.
And interestingly,
the tie there is
that the Mayans talked
about the four corn
peoples of the Earth coming
from the river in the sky, which
essentially they're referring
to the Milky Way galaxy,
the galaxy across the
sky, and its crossing
with the ecliptic as
a fundamental time
system that is universal
to all humans on Earth.
I think it's
important to recognize
as we study these
different ancient cultures
and different memory threads
that individuals have
to different star
systems that there
may be many different
star systems that
came to Earth around the same
time in the time of Atlantis
and Lemuria.
And so what we see
around the world
are reference points
tying pieces together
to different worlds and
to different cultures.
>> When you see Sirius, it's
like the brightest star that we
have closest to us and it can
be seen in both hemispheres.
So sometimes you can
see it in the north,
sometimes you can
see it in the south.
And because it's the brightest
one that is in the sky,
it's also a guide
for people that
were traveling
through the planet
to know which season is coming.
So that's why Sirius
was also important
besides the beings that
could come from there
and guided the
construction of pyramids.
Besides all that
history for humans,
the star is very
important and was related
with the mother of the sky.
That's why in Egypt was named
after Isis, the goddess,
because she was the
mother of creation.
It's not because the
star created everything,
but it's related to
the flood of the Nile.
When the star appears
in the horizon,
the Nile starts to grow again.
That's why also Sirius was
guiding people in harvesting
and starting the new year,
and it was the mother of life.
It was related to the summer, to
the harvesting, and everything.
That's why there are
two different stories
about the star related
to the humanity.
>> The god that came
from Sirius, Ptah.
Well, who's Ptah?
Ptah is the ancient Egyptian
god of smith craft and alchemy.
He fashioned the human body.
He even has a double
helix in his hieroglyph.
And we're developing this
picture where, wait a minute.
That's a technology.
You're saying a god
being came from Sirius?
A divine being came from Sirius
and fashioned the human body?
That means he didn't create
the human body from scratch.
He found a primitive being
probably wandering around
and merged some of the
Sirian DNA, and out pops man.
That's what the
Egyptians are saying.
And then you ask the question,
well, why would Ptah do that?
Why would he come from Sirius
to Earth, tweak our DNA,
merge their DNA with ours,
and create this new being?
What is the purpose of that?
Well, the answer is provided
in the ancient Egyptian pyramid
text, and that is Ptah
came here and did this
so that we could climb
the ladder to heaven,
to make our body a
more conducive vehicle
for the ascension of the soul.
That is fundamental to the
ancient Egyptian belief.
That leads to many
questions about,
well, what is the
nature of Ptah.
Is this an actual being?
He's portrayed very robotic.
He's got this
tight-fitting garment on.
He holds his Was
scepter, and he's
got this tight skull cap on.
Very often his body is
covered with feathers.
He's feathered because
he flies, right?
He's capable of ascension.
And that then
opens up, again, is
this a robotic type of a being?
Is this a non-physical being?
Certainly he took
on physicality.
But what we're confronted
with is the belief
that this is how
we got how we are.
How did we go from
monkey to man?
Well, it was, again, Ptah.
In 1976, it was Robert Temple
in "The Sirius Mystery"
who first proposed that it
was beings from Sirius that
tweaked our DNA.
He was fascinated as many of
us are by this question; how
did Neanderthals
suddenly erupt 35,000,
40,000 years ago with this
activated neocortex capable
of doing math and science
and making music and creating
technology?
It happened literally overnight.
And the Egyptian
answer is, it was Ptah.
It was beings from Sirius
who came here and did this.
>> One group with direct ties
to the Sirius star system are
the Dogon tribe of
sub-Saharan Africa.
Scientists and
anthropologists have long
been amazed by the Dogon's
extensive knowledge
of the Sirius star
system, including
details that were unknown
to modern astronomers
until more recently.
>> We know about Sirius
as a binary star system.
And it wasn't until the 1980s
that we actually figured out
the exact rotational flow
between the two stars.
One of the gentlemen who was
working on the project studying
this rotation between
the Sirian stars
had a friend who
was an archeologist,
and that archeologist friend had
photos of a particular pattern
carved into a cave
wall in Africa
where the Dogon tribe lives.
And he saw this pattern
from the cave wall
and said, "My god,
that is exactly
the rotation between the
Sirius A and B star systems."
And so we know that
there's been knowledge
about the physical rotation of
this binary system going back
potentially thousands of years.
The Sirian binary star
system may have many planets,
but at the very least,
we know that there's one.
And how do we know this?
Because so many people
and so many cultures
point to the Sirian star system.
All of these different
peoples around the world
point to an origin, a
connection with this system.
They feel that their
mythologies come from there.
They tell stories
about this place.
And if we look
around the world, we
can track more and
more and more of
these different civilizations
that refer to that system.
>> Many of my clients under
hypnosis remember being within
the Sirius star system, and
they remember being on a planet
that's a water-like planet where
it has dolphins and merpeople,
and they can breathe underwater.
And it has seven moons,
and they describe it
as a beautiful planet full
of love and compassion.
And a lot of the Sirians would
describe themselves as blue,
and they interact with
humans all the time.
>> According to the peoples
who actually saw them,
they can materialize
and be known.
So like many of
extraterrestrial intelligences,
they can appear and be in
third dimensional reality.
Although simultaneously,
they usually
work in at least
the fifth dimension.
The fourth being time.
>> Matias De Stefano has the
unique ability to recall his
past lives.
Matias remembers a time where
he was a Sirian being living
on a planet in the
Sirius star system.
>> Sirius was my home once.
So I am very connected to that
place more than any other.
I am emotionally
related with the place.
We were not very human-like even
though we had arms and hands.
But we were, like,
maybe 4 meters tall,
like, twice a human being.
And we had this big,
long neck with the head,
like, very long, egg shaped.
The skins were, like,
grey or brown color.
Big eyes like a leaf and tiny
nose, tiny mouth, but very long
chin.
We used to wear some
very light clothes that
cover some parts of the body
even if we didn't have, like,
outer genitals like we
have in this planet.
They were kind of nude mostly
with just some coverings
on the top.
And no hair and no language.
All the communication
usually was telepathic.
We were not that emotional.
We didn't have
laughter, for example.
Like, everyone was
still and, like,
this meditational look like.
There was a lot of technology,
buildings, spaceship
with triangular shapes.
And we would move around the
planet with highways, bridges,
and all these structures.
We had pyramids with three
faces, not four like here.
Well, all this civilization
was kind of the same culture.
The whole planet was kind
of using the same culture
even if we had three different
races inside the planet.
>> In a scientific paper written
by D. Benest and JL Duvent,
they posit there are both
physical and dynamical
indications suggesting the
existence of a third body
in the Sirius system or the
possibility of direct detection
for the suspected Sirius C.
>> From what I've seen in
the records is that Sirius C
somehow got destroyed.
I think it was maybe
not through wars,
but maybe it was just kind of
an astronomical anomaly that
created this
destruction of Sirius C.
>> Researchers have reported
that when Sirians visited Earth
in the past, they interacted
with the primitive hominids
living here at the time.
They are believed to
have imparted knowledge
of culture, technology,
and spirituality
to these early humans, guiding
them towards their evolution
into modern Homo sapiens.
>> The Sirian culture was
so important for many places
in different parts of the
world because they would travel
to these spots.
Mainly, they were working
with the old equator
that if you take-- that
the North Pole before
was in north of United States,
the magnetical North Pole, all
that territory, so that
creates that the whole equator
of consciousness in this planet
crossed Peru where the Nazca
Lines are, Bolivia,
the Amazonian Brazil,
going to Green Cape,
Mauritania in Africa,
crossing through Egypt and the
pyramids, Middle East, Persia,
which is Iran today, coming
back through Pakistan, India,
Indonesia, and crossing
in the South Pacific Ocean
through the French
Polynesia, and then coming
up again through Easter
Island, and in Peru again.
So this whole territory
would be touched by them.
So all the pyramids that you
can find in the world basically
are part of a design that the
Sirius people have created.
And they would come and
give this information
to the most ancient
humans so they
could walk around the planet
and find the specific places.
That's why all the
cultures of the world
would be guided by
the star of Sirius.
>> Indigenous to the central
plateau region of Mali in West
Africa, the Dogon are best
known for their spiritual
and mythological traditions.
[TRADITIONAL MUSIC]
>> In Africa, there is a
tribe called the Dogon,
and the Dogon they say they were
visited by beings from the star
solar system of Sirius.
The humans asked the gods,
"Where do you come from?"
And they gave names.
But the names mean
nothing to us.
The names are the names of them.
To us, it's a word which has
no meaning on the firmament.
So we don't know
where they came from,
and we don't know
where they went.
Definitely they went back,
and they promised to return.
They are back again.
[TRADITIONAL MUSIC CONTINUES]
>> So the Dogon talk about their
experiences with the Nommos,
which they refer to as their
gods or as divine beings that
came down to teach them
about who they are.
And these Nommos were described
as beings that essentially
had dolphin-like bodies,
perhaps with some kind
of advanced technology to be
able to move out of water,
to float in front of them.
Some of the Dogon's complex
masks and ceremonial gear
point to perhaps some
form of spacesuit
perhaps that these
beings would wear.
>> The aquatic beings from
Sirius can also be linked
to other ancient civilizations
including one of the oldest
in recorded history,
the Sumerians.
>> The connection we have with
the ancient Sumerian people,
with the Sirius star
system comes from the close
characteristics and depictions
of Oannes from their culture
as their creator god to bridge
with the Nommo of the Dogon,
who they described as coming
from the Sirius star system.
When we connect the Nommo
gods of the ancient Dogon
people of Mali
Africa with Oannes
of the ancient
Sumerians, and then we
get into what those ancient
stories that were recorded
from that region are,
which was the greatest
library of recorded information
that's ever survived because
of their ability to encompass
their entire history into what
is known as cuneiform
tablets, which we've recovered
since the 1800s, thousands and
thousands of these cuneiform
tablets, and when we get into
those stories that are depicted
there, we find an entire
story that goes back to,
not only the people that came
from the Sirius star system,
but how they were the seeders
and creators of humanity.
And if not the sole
creators, at least
the most significant
influence that
led to the rise of humanity.
And that's exactly what
the ancient Sumerians say
in their tablets, was that this
group of beings came to Earth
and then created humanity
in their image, which
is why we find that strange DNA
in some of these Paracas skulls
that doesn't seem to be found
at any Homo sapiens in the world
because it comes
from somewhere else.
>> In a cave near Nazca, Peru, a
mummified female was discovered
that had an elongated skull,
three fingers, and three toes.
The scientists examining this
mummy gave her the name Maria.
Might Maria be evidence
of our connection
to beings from the
stars, like Sirius?
>> The latest results from the
DNA studies of the bodies have
shown surprising results
for Maria and Wawita.
This means that according
to the report from the DNA
samples taken from several
areas of the bodies,
they were able to get
approximately 23.8%
from Maria and 25.6% DNA from
Wawita of human-like DNA.
But none of that matched
to modern human DNA.
>> The sample was analyzed to
determine whether or not it
contained human DNA, which
was one of the hypotheses that
could explain these
strange bodies.
That possibility was
explored, and the results
were around a 10% match.
In strict conditions,
and even relaxing some
of the parameters,
we could not get
a 100% match with human DNA.
The analysis included a
vast array of species.
One of the software programs
we use in particular
performs comparisons with
more than a million species
which allows us to approximate
as much as possible the sample
with the DNA of all
currently known species.
Some species were
a higher match,
some plants and bovine DNA, but
still in very small portions.
I have to say that this
sample contains DNA
that we currently don't know.
It could be from an organism
that has not been studied.
Perhaps there was some
microbiological contamination
of the samples.
But it could also be original
DNA from these bodies.
That means that these bodies
could belong to a previously
unknown species.
>> The genetic results were
also shown to William Brown,
a biophysicist from
Southern California,
and his take on the tests
were very interesting.
>> Of the DNA that was isolated,
only 25% of the total matched
any known human gene.
So that means that
75% of this DNA
is not matching any known
human reference sequence.
And, you know, this
is pretty rigorous
because there's, like, the
1,000 human Genome Project where
they have done the whole
genome sequencing of over 2,000
individuals from every
continent on Earth
and compiled kind of, like, a
average human reference genome.
And so you take these sequences
isolated from the sample
with this being, and you
go and you compare them
to that human reference genome
data, and only 25% match up.
75% don't.
>> If DNA that cannot be
matched with any known species
in the database of human,
mammal, reptile, marine, bird,
and plant life is indeed
of extraterrestrial origin,
could it have a connection
to the Sirian beings?
>> Some people think that
different star nations like
the Sirians came to Earth,
had an experience, and left,
and never came back.
I strongly disagree.
I feel that we have had
a continual influence
of different galactic
cultures and galactic species
on the planet in different
areas of the world over all
of the last many
thousands of years.
The contact experiences never
stopped in the age of Atlantis.
They continued on.
>> The important thing to know
about the Sirians is that they
have designed our civilization,
our way of thinking.
They were working
with our inner self.
The Sirians were
designing the way
we move in the planet, the
way we structure our world.
So they have created
the first ideas
of a civilization based in
architecture, in religion,
in political aspects.
That's why we still can see
some symbolisms from them
like pope's hat, the ancient
Middle East hats, the Pharaohs
hats.
You can see the symbolism of
the Sirian people all over.
Basically, they designed
the way in which
we are related to one
another as a civilization.
So to understand them,
to know about them,
helps us to understand
why we have created
these kinds of
complex civilizations
in the past, which is the basis,
the fundaments of all this.
>> I think one of the most
important issues about
the Sirius constellation is
that it's tied into the feminine
aspect of creation.
That's why the queen's
chamber points to it,
the king's chamber
points to Orion.
So it's the feminine aspect.
It's a loving intelligence.
It's a caring intelligence.
It's a nurturing intelligence.
It's a renewing
intelligence that's
present connected
with the Sirius
constellation of
the Sirian beings
that come to this planet.
Legends tell us that they have
been around for many millennia,
and that they are
positively here to help us.
I believe very well could be
one of those intelligences
connected with the galactic
federation who are working
to help humanity even today.
>> The Sirians are
kind of the politicians
of the confederation.
That's why they help beings
to build the pyramids and all
the structures that opens
portals because they are
basically the politicians that
tries to find communication
and balance in between each
one of the planets that
are becoming aware.
>> Today, I think humans are
at this extraordinary precipice
of becoming an
interstellar species.
And as we're going
into that initiation,
the star families are here.
They're watching
us, caring for us,
acting like adults watching
teenage kids figure out
how to earn their
first driver's license.
>> In my studies of the
extraterrestrial races,
I'm probably most
fixated on the Sirians.
I just have this innate desire
to know more about Ptah,
and part of the
reason why that is
is because Ptah is the original
ascension teacher on Earth,
in my opinion.
And I'm very much interested
in this idea of ascension
and how humans can transform
and scale the ladder to heaven.
And in my opinion, it's the
Sirians that are most aligned
with that, and so I'm most
aligned with the Sirians
for that reason.
>> While remnants of ancient
contact with Sirians can be
found in cultures
from around the world,
perhaps nowhere is their
influence more obvious than
on New Year's day
and the 4th of July.
Embedded within these
cultural celebrations
lay a hidden celestial
synchronicity.
On January 1st,
Earth is directly
in alignment with our
sun and the brightest
star in the sky, Sirius.
Then again, Earth is
aligned with Sirius
on the day when the United
States declared independence
from British rule, July 4th.
Both dates are intimately
linked with traditions
of ending one cycle and
transitioning to a new one,
exactly six months
apart from one another.
Might this be a coded nod
to the influence of Sirius
and those space travelers
who left their mark with us?
Join us in our next
episode when we
explore another ET
race who has influenced
humanity; the Pleiadians.